Ember bootstrap accessibility focused release (#352)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-11-15-the-ember-times-issue-124.md

---

> ## [Accessibility-focused Ember Bootstrap Release ✨](https://twitter.com/simonihmig/status/1190740590377472001)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Accessibility-Focused Ember Bootstrap Release ✨](https://twitter.com/simonihmig/status/1190740590377472001)
```

> A few weeks ago [@simonihmig](https://github.com/simonihmig) and the folks at [kaliber5](https://github.com/kaliber5) released version 3.1.0 of the fantastic Ember addon [ember-bootstrap](https://github.com/kaliber5/ember-bootstrap). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few weeks ago, [@simonihmig](https://github.com/simonihmig) and the folks at [kaliber5](https://github.com/kaliber5) released version 3.1.0 of the fantastic Ember addon [ember-bootstrap](https://github.com/kaliber5/ember-bootstrap). 
```

> This version focuses on **improving accessibility** related concerns such as using [ember-focus-trap](https://github.com/josemarluedke/ember-focus-trap) to implement focus trap inside of modals and keyboard navigational control of drop downs. The updates also add [ember a11y tests](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing) to the test suite! 🔥🔥🔥

Reviewer: I made these changes for brevity. What do you think?
```suggestion
This version focuses on **improving accessibility** by using [ember-focus-trap](https://github.com/josemarluedke/ember-focus-trap) to implement focus trap for modals and keyboard navigation of dropdowns. It also adds [ember a11y tests](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing) to the test suite! 🔥🔥🔥
```

Many thanks to all those that contributed to this release and the accessiblity concerns addressed by it 😄, including [@simonihmig](https://github.com/simonihmig), [@techn1x](https://github.com/Techn1x), [@rwachtler](https://github.com/rwachtler) and [@jelhan](https://github.com/jelhan). 

> You can find the release notes [here](https://github.com/kaliber5/ember-bootstrap/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#310-2019-11-02).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the release notes on [GitHub](https://github.com/kaliber5/ember-bootstrap/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#310-2019-11-02).
```
